Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the Calorie Genius: Precision Weight Loss Calculator app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Siew Yu Fei (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Commercial service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

Information Collection and Use

The Application does not collect any personal information from you. This includes, but is not limited to:

*   Your device's Internet Protocol address (IP address)
*   Your internet browsing history, including pages visited within the Application, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages.
*   The time spent using the Application
*   The operating system you use on your mobile device
*   Your device's location. The Application does not collect or track your device's location in any way.

The Application collects user inputs such as age, gender, nick name, body fat, weight, height for calculating the calorie user required. However, this information is used solely for calculations within the app and is not stored, retained, or transmitted to the Service Provider or any third parties.

The Service Provider does not collect any user information through this Application.

Third Party Access

No user data is collected, stored, or transmitted to any third-party services.

Opt-Out Rights

You can stop using the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. As no data is collected, there is no data to opt-out from.

Data Retention Policy

No user data is retained by the Service Provider or the Application. All data is transient and used only for immediate calculations within the app.

Children

The Service Provider does not knowingly collect data from or market to children under the age of 13 through this Application.

Since no personally identifiable information is collected, the Service Provider is unable to knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. The Service Provider encourages all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. The Service Provider encourages parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to the Service Provider through the Application and/or Services, please contact the Service Provider (appdev.siew@gmail.com) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

Security

Since no user data is collected or stored, there are no stored information to be concerned about safeguarding.

Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-02-08

Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy.

Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at appdev.siew@gmail.com.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
